[ Music & Noises ]
[ Noise ]
If you haven't already
seen my last conversation
with Barbara Hand Clow,
you might want to view
that before you watch this.
This is a direct
extension of that,
which is about the nine
dimensions of human existence.
In the last interview,
we covered the first
through fourth dimensions.
In this conversation, we
will explore the lesser known
but equally present fifth
through ninth dimensions.
Okay, we just had a hot
conversation last time around.
Yeah, here we go again.
Here we go again.
[laughter] Okay,
now we didn't get
to the last 20 questions I
had about the fourth dimension
and I know we can't
cover everything
and that's well delineated
in your book, fabulous book.
But let's pick it
up a little bit
in the fourth dimensional field.
We were talking about how
easy it is to reach in through
that field and control
mind perception, emotions,
and so forth control of us.
And we also, we do it willingly.
We give up our control
willingly as well.
So let's talk a little bit about
what it takes to break free
from that kind of programming
in the fourth dimension
to start reaching into and
utilizing the fifth dimension
and what that is, but
the crossover first.
Okay, well all of the
higher five dimensions,
fifth dimensions through ninth
dimension, penetrate the top
of the canopy and start
moving down through 4D
and then finally those
impulses and consciousness
that are coming in come down
into us into third dimension.
So the reason that the
Pleiadians used a person
on a healing table in order
to explain this dynamic is
that they're trying to help
us understand how the lower
dimensions below our
bodies are energizing us,
and then how our
energy and thoughts
and emotions are
flowing out of us
into the fourth dimension
'cause, see,
we create the fourth dimension.
The reason it's a collective
area of consciousness is
because it's coming
from us as humans.
So then once you're into
the fourth dimension,
for most people, what you're
dealing with is dualities,
dark and light, good and evil,
because the whole fourth
dimension is polarized
into a range of potentiality.
And so what we need to
understand as human beings is
that how we handle the fourth
dimension depends upon our level
of healing and upon our
level of mental clarity.
So in other words, unders--
being able to deal with the
fourth dimension involves
activating our minds, breaking
the paradigms, getting a hold
of the real truth, and also
processing our emotional blocks
and our emotional issues.
Big one. Yeah.
Trap trauma.
That's right.
So you could see why the
Pleiadians are showing
that person lying
on a table-- Yes.
-- with the canopy because that
canopy is like this big mushroom
above your head which
is just filled
with all the collective mind.
And so what happens is that--
it's a beautiful energy range
because it's what connects
you with everything else.
You can really think
of the fourth dimension
as being a dimension
of connectivity.
But you're not going to be able
to really be connected with that
in an intelligent level
and understand the game unless
you activate your mental
abilities and also--
and if you--
you have to clear
yourself emotionally.
Because if you're not
clear emotionally,
then everything is
us against them,
and whenever anybody starts a
war, this guy is the good guy,
that guy is the bad
guy, and as we all know,
all of that is absolutely
absurd.
Yes. And the only thing that's
going to stop any of it is
when the individual
players on the--
and think of the
fourth dimension
as a gigantic chessboard.
That's why they treat it
like in Masonic tradition.
Right. They show the chessboard.
Right. And the issues
that we're facing now
as species is getting
smart on the chessboard,
because at this point it's
very clear that the people,
the game masters, if you
want to call them there,
or the global elite,
it's very clear
that they don't know
what they're doing.
No, they don't.
They only are carrying
out an agenda that seems
to serve only themselves-- Yeah.
-- for most part not-- Right.
Not the bulk of humanity.
Right. And one thing
we were talking
about in the last program is
that these beings
have been doing this
for about the last 5,000
years or arguably beyond
but certainly the last
5,000 years because--
and from the time
of the cataclysm,
11-1/2 thousand years ago.
That's more like
12,000 years ago.
Yeah. Because at that
time when you had such--
and this is what you
explained, I'm just setting this
up again for everyone.
When you have such vast trauma
as a cataclysm people
tend to lose bearings.
They're devastated.
And only the fit-- the
most fit emotionally
and mentally could grab
the reins and run with them
and have been in control since.
And that's where-- that's where
we're picking up from here.
So we have this trapped
physical, emotional trauma
from cataclysms and then
what's been perpetuated
since then, day-in and day-out.
It's like there's mini
cataclysms everyday
of our lives, it
seems-- That's right.
-- on an emotional level-- Yeah.
-- perpetuated from
and distributed
through the fourth dimension.
Yeah, that's right.
And so this fourth
dimensional field, the big bang
in there is the original
cataclysm which is why I did
so much other research on how
to get beyond the cataclysm,
because what people don't
realize is that they get blocked
or locked into that force field.
And so the reason that the
new paradigm movement is
so critical right now
and it's so important
which there's two
things that are going
on that are incredibly
important,
the new paradigm movement
in terms of mental clarity
and then the healing movement
in terms of healing from trauma.
We are a post traumatic species.
Yes. We really are.
Absolutely.
And then what happens whenever
there's another cataclysm,
it just reinforces the
posttraumatic stress syndrome
which explains why 9/11
was so intense for people.
But see, the global relief,
if you're watching closely,
they keep on re-traumatizing
us-- Yes.
-- because they know that
we're going to continue
with the trauma data banks
and then we're going to be--
we're going to be unhealed
emotionally and we're going
to be basically stupid mentally.
Right. And-- There's a cap
on how far you can go--
Yeah, if your agenda is
to control people then you want
them to be emotionally trapped
and you want them to not be
able to use their brains.
And so, this is why the whole
new paradigm movement is
so critically important.
And I know we're getting some
place because if you go down
or if you down in age with
people, the further down you go
in age, the more people
know what's going on.
And, as you know in my book,
Awakening the Planetary Mind
which used to be
called Catastrophobia,
it has an incredible data of--
it has incredible
footnotes at the end,
an amazing bibliography,
which is basically giving
us the last 20,000 years
of human consciousness.
I have eight-year olds
and nine-year olds coming
to book signings--
Isn't that amazing?
-- who are asking me
about my footnotes.
Wow. Yeah, yeah, so I can tell.
That's very helpful.
I can tell that there
isn't a mental opening.
And then let's look at
the-- for just a moment,
the whole healing movement
that's been going out on,
the whole body movement,
basically it got kicked off
in 1977 when Chiron
was discovered,
the little body-- Yes.
-- that orbits between
Saturn and Uranus.
The wounded healer.
And so as soon as the wounded
healer teacher came in--
teaching came in,
people have been,
on that table, doing
their sessions.
And sometimes I'm sure people
think they're not getting any
place but they are.
What we're doing is we're
gradually clearing the duality,
dark and light field of
the fourth dimension,
and then the fourth
dimension becomes diaphanous
which means penetrated by light.
And once the fourth dimension
becomes diaphanous then the
higher dimensions could
reach through directly to us.
It's the misreading of these
higher frequencies coming
in through the fourth
dimension that confuses people.
And of course it does.
They don't know what's going on.
Right. And just another little
recap from the last conversation
because it was so
important and this is just
so against what a lot of people
that have been expanding
consciousness
and meditating belief and
that is not only are we going
to be reaching up into
these-- in these conversation,
in these higher dimensions,
but that we are also constantly
being fed by staying connected
to the lower dimensions
which have massive amounts
of intelligence in them, the
Akashic records as you say,
and what we consider the
lower dimensional fields.
It's really being able
to vertically access both
directions,-- That's right.
-- right? Yeah, that's right.
That's what's going to keep us
in the state of balance harmony.
Yeah, and that is absolutely--
yeah, the Pleiadians of
course coming a joke,
and they always do that.
[laughter] They said, "Look,
you're like an Oreo cookie,"
[laughter] and the second
dimension is one part
of the dark brown cookie and
the third dimension is the sugar
in between-- The frosting.
-- and then in the top,
the fourth dimension is
the top of the Oreo cookie.
Yeah. So we have just to
stay in that frosting.
And see, the two--
yeah, the two dimensions
that we are the most
affected by minute
by minute are the
second dimension
and the fourth dimension.
Yes. And this is pretty
important stuff because like,
for example, people are
dealing with climate change
and weather changes and tectonic
issues, earthquakes, volcanoes,
tornadoes and all
this kind of stuff,
those are all second
dimensional energetic forces.
Yes. And according to indigenous
traditions, how we're doing
with the planet depends
upon our consciousness.
Yes. This is real tricky one.
Well, this is also being proven
now in HearthMath's Institute
and some of the Global Coherence
projects they're working with.
They're looking at how
the human emotional body
in mass is affecting the
earth's emotional body.
That's right.
So this is like-- Yeah.
This is isn't woo-woo.
Yeah, and those are big deals.
Yeah. They did bring
up issues like fracking
and we won't talk about today.
But there's a tremendous amount
of disturbance going on-- Yes.
-- with the second dimension.
And the more they disturb
the second dimension,
the more the third dimension
is going to be disturbed.
We didn't talk about in the
last one but I wanted to
and is it an issue as-- from
a Pleiadians' point of view,
is it an issue that we also
mine a lot of the crystal
in structure so that we
have access to crystals?
Is that a problem for the Earth?
You know, many people have
asked me that and I'm kind
of a hybrid here and I don't get
it that it's a problem at all.
Okay, good.
I get it that-- I get it that
that whole process of bringing
through jewels and
crystals and all that-- Yes.
-- is a way for us in
the third dimension
to activate our awareness-- Yes.
-- in the second dimension.
It's more about mining
the second dimension.
Because the second dimension
could take some of it
but it's a matter-- it's
a matter of degrees.
Yes. And sometimes we
go overboard on that.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah. Okay.
So, everything you just said
about the fourth dimension,
we have to also stay connected
into the first second and third,
how do we then break into
and through into utilizing
and accessing the
fifth dimension?
And also, I want to talk
about the Pleiadians a bit
who you say are the keepers
of the fifth dimension.
Right. So the issue is that we
need to harmonize our minds,
balance our minds, and
balance our emotions.
And the minute we achieve that,
what happens immediately is
the fifth dimension opens.
And for some people-- by
the way, some of the--
the reason they show that
canopy with the lines--
dimensional lines coming into it
is some people may just balance
their emotions or
balance their mind
and then the eighth
dimension may come in.
So one of the things that goes
on with teaching this
material is how to identify
which dimension is which,
which of course we're
going to do today.
But for a vast number of people,
as soon as they harmonize
their minds and their emotions,
then what happens is the
fifth dimension opens
and what happens
is the heart opens.
And so, the fifth dimension
is all about opening the heart
and unconditional love.
And when people, enough
people are moving into a state
of unconditional love,
this is another reason
that I'm optimistic, what we
see in situation like each of--
during the Arab Spring,
I saw tremendous forces
of the heart opening going on
in Egypt, and I'm very familiar
with Egypt 'cause I
taught there a lot.
And yet, at the same
time, the thing about us
as human is the minute we make
that kind of breakthrough,
then a lot that chaos
also accompanies it.
We can't control.
Because when the heart is open,
then what happens
is whatever there is
that isn't processed
emotionally and mentally
at that other level
starts to come forth.
So one the great difficulties
of our time right
now are these times,
is we're making great process
but at the same time we're
getting these force fields
coming in that are so
difficult for us to handle.
Absolutely.
Yeah. And when you're
talking about this,
this accessing the higher
dimensions through the heart,
it's striking something.
When I go into a deep meditation
where I choose to connect
with the higher mind, the
higher aspect of myself,
there is protocols or
feelings, and it's a system
that I can feel, it
doesn't take long.
It goes through, feel it here,
feel it there, this happens,
that, and it's all feeling in
the body, but then it lands
in the heart and the heart goes
in to almost an static state
like I call it little
champagne bubbles in the heart.
That's right.
When it lands there,
that's when I understand
that the connection
has taken place.
Now does that make sense then?
It not only make sense, it was
one of the things that was hard
about this book,
hard for me to write,
is in a sense you don't
need anything more
than the awakening of the heart.
So we could do workshops
where you just connect
up the force fields of
the lower dimensions
and then process
the fourth dimension
and then open the heart
and there you are.
But these other dimensions
are fields of higher
and higher vibratory
intelligence.
And based on what you
just said, you can go--
you can go and reversing
dimensions,
like let's just take a
minute and go through them
in one direction and back
through the other reaction
to get a sense of what
we're talking about.
The heart opens and then
when the heart opens,
a geometrical field expands
out of the heart
and into the cosmos.
And so, the sixth
dimension is the field
of geometrical form and shape.
Then once the geometrical shapes
and forms begin to activate--
and by the way this
is spherical.
I can't really show
it right now.
It's all spherical.
Then the next thing that happens
is sound creates geometry.
So as the geometry expands,
we start to hear the
music of the spheres.
And at that point, we're
in the seventh dimension.
And then when we hear the music
of the spheres, then the music
of the spheres transmutes
into light
which is the eighth
dimension, the divine level.
And then once we move
in the divine level,
then the interesting thing the
Pleiadian teaching is the next
dimension that we
move into is time.
And we'll go back to that later.
Which is interesting because we
also think of the third-- Yeah.
-- as the one where
we're trapped in time.
That's right.
But time has different values.
This is different
kind of time though.
Yes. This is evolutionary
cosmic time.
Yeah. So if we go in
the other direction,
in the ninth dimension,
whatever agendas are needed
for the evolution of the
planet come into form by means
of different time cycles.
Yes. Then they download into the
eighth dimension and they turned
into light and then the power
of the light creates the sound
which is exactly the
same thing as the Bible.
The God-- the word--
you know, the word--
First there was the word, yes.
Whatever that was in
John's revelations.
Then once the sound comes in,
then the sound creates
the geometry.
And then once the
geometry exists--
now this is all in relationship
by the way to the individuals.
This is in relation to
this individual's dynamic
in the third dimension.
So then the geometry
creates the structure
and force of the heart.
So what you're describing there
when you talk about meditating,
meditating and then finally the
bubbles come into the heart,
I think what you're talking
about is this dissension
of energy from these
higher plains.
It feels like a-- it's a
vertical kind of integration.
Yeah, and I think you have
some of kind of ability.
Everybody's got--
and what's wonderful
about this is everybody has
a different way of doing it
and this teaching is
simply about the structure
and form of dimensionality.
And so, I think what you're
doing is I think you're going
up to the higher level and
probably eighth dimension,
calling in for what's the
purpose then the purpose turns
into the activation by sound,
activation by geometry,
and then the heart awakens.
So it goes either way out there.
Yeah, it goes either way.
And what's interesting, you were
just talking about this whole--
the hierarchy of events that
occurs until we create form,
and this is something that
until people were exposed
to the notion of
cymatics, for example,
they didn't really get-- people
didn't get-- Couldn't see it.
-- how could sound and form be--
And then we had cymatics, yeah.
-- related.
And then you could go to YouTube
and look at videos on cymatics
which is really fascinating.
Isn't it incredible?
Yeah, to watch sound and then
watch this beautiful forms
in very fine sand
that are created
and they're always
geometrical in nature,
beautiful sacred geometry.
Yeah. And we were talking
off camera and, again,
I'll just throw this out
and then we can start
doing a linear progression
through the dimensions.
There is a microscope
that existed in the 19--
I think it's '50s, '60s
called anemoscope [phonetic]
and it was able to
magnify 3.5 million times
which in a lab they
devoted 2,000.
I mean what we see and what
is being utilized is nothing
compared to what has existed and
has been swept into the field
of black ops, use for
other military applications
but we don't get
the advantage of it.
Some of the imagery
which Steven Ross
of World Research Foundation
brought with him showed,
you could see the
way I interpreted it
and it's an energetic matrix
of information flowing
around an atom.
And again, it was showing
these very same forms you're
talking about.
The information showed
up as white lines.
Interesting.
Yeah, and it was showing, in
this case, I think it was iron
but it was showing
up as hexagonal.
You get into the star
tetrahedron and the hexagon.
We're talking reality, creation.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And that was just the-- And be
able to see that transformation.
-- energetic signature of it.
Yeah. So it's everywhere around
us, so it's not something
that we just say, "Oh, your
sacred geometry forms,"
and we're going to get into
it including crop circles
in a moment.
Yeah. So now, let's
go into this--
let's go into the fifth a little
further and how it's interacting
with kind of the galactic
frequencies around us even
down into gamma rays and
then this one thing you wrote
in your book I found fascinating
that the Pleiadian say
that Earth's biological life
should have been disseminated
throughout the galaxy
by December of 2012.
What does this all mean?
How the gamma rays
and all this figure
in to the fifth dimension?
Yeah, the question is this
just really happening.
Yes. First question would
be is the information
on this planet being
disseminated,
and it's a very hard
question and when you look
at the condition of
things right now.
And so I actually don't--
that's a mystery in the book,
if you know what I
mean, that came true
from the Pleiadians
who said that.
However, so many of the things
they have said have turned
out to be true that I'm
kind of living my life to--
let's talk about 2013
'cause that's where we are.
Yes, please.
All right.
That's goes more into the
fifth dimensional stuff.
Yeah, so I'm kind of living
that principle and I'm kind
of assuming that
everything that I'm creating
and everything I'm thinking
and everything I'm doing is
I actually being disseminated
throughout the whole
universe itself.
And so, let me tell you,
I'm very careful
about what I'm doing.
And I am having some feelings
as I watch the world movie,
I'm having some feelings that
things are going out of forms.
Some of the negative things
that we're seeing are actually
I think going out of form.
Mainly because once they're
exposed, these things change.
Yes. You know what I'm saying?
Yes. So 2013 is an
absolutely fascinating time
because if that's true
and if information is really
being disseminated throughout
the universe from this
planet, then surely we're going
to have an-- we're going to
have connection with that.
You know, when information goes
out, information comes back in.
Yes. But this is a
very-- I think it's--
I really understand, I think
it's a very difficult time
right now.
It's a very difficult
time and, in one hand,
it depends on which polarity
you choose to focus on.
And if I were to turn
the television on
and watch the news, I
would definitely be set
down the drain pipe of the
lower frequencies-- Yeah.
-- and total manipulation
and control.
Yes. I can't even read the
newspaper because of that.
Yeah, yeah, However, if I'm
going about my day and hooking
up with my friends and
whatnot or meditating,
I'm living in a completely
different reality as we talked
about off camera about
Sedona [phonetic],
everything is playing out
in that region in extreme.
So might we just be looking
at polarity more
than anything else?
I mean if it's just polarity,
hasn't that always been--
might it just more extreme now?
I think that polarity
is in control of us
if we don't know
what's going on.
And there's this whole
issue of secrecy.
And what I'm watching, I watch
things much more than you do
because of my website and
things I need to write about.
And I-- and, you know,
I take half a day off a week
'cause I can't stand it either.
And I am seeing some signs
of secrecy being revealed.
Yeah. They're going to make it
impossible for certain things
to continue on this planet.
Yes. And I'm working on a novel
right now where I'm dealing
with the back problem
of priest sexual abuse
and how it's connected
with things
that happened 2,000 years ago.
In other words, I'm
really trying to bust some
of the bigger secrets--
I'm so excited about this.
-- because things
change like my--
I have to take my
children out of the church
because I could tell that we
had an abuser in our parish,
so I took the kids out
of the church years ago.
Nobody else knew we had
an abuser in the parish.
Right. But now 30 years later,
they do not only know what
that abuser was doing in that
parish, they know what's going
on all over the place.
You can't get away
with this stuff
when people understand
what's going on.
You can't.
And one thing I notice
as I travel,
'cause I'm on a plane a couple
of times a week, and I'm--
so I'm sitting next to all
kinds of individuals,-- Yeah.
-- is that you were talking
about is this really
being disseminated.
The way I'm seeing it
surface is through doubt.
People are now saying "Hmm."
That's true.
They're hearing things and
say, "I don't know about that."
Yeah, that's true.
That's huge.
That's an evolutionary
leap in consciousness just
to begin doubting the story.
Yeah, yeah.
And then another way
that reality is--
we could go on about
this all day.
But another thing that's
happening is great big symbols
are being thrown at
us at this point.
For example, the
Boston Marathon.
The people who commit--
who did that may not have--
they, I think, probably just
thought they were hitting a
crowded event, just a
crowd, but just the thought
of runners' legs
being blown off.
Now, these symbols are
huge and I see signs
that people are really
learning from these things.
It's kind of like it's
hitting you so hard
in the face and you cannot see.
[Inaudible] sacrificial lambs
in a way-- Yeah, it's only--
[Multiple Speakers] --
the larger learning.
Yeah. Yeah.
So that's why it's so difficult
for those who are at that point
where truth is exposed and
it's important for people
to be really angry and object
and do whatever they can.
We all have our own way of
[inaudible] great change.
Yes. Okay, let's talk about
what the Pleiadians also say
about energy and
orgasmic energy.
I love this part-- Yeah.
-- because you say,
they're saucy.
They like to-- Yeah, well
they are really saucy.
They are. Yeah, yeah.
They like to live and
they like to-- Yeah.
They like to be and
I mean sex is a big part of
it and that sexual expression.
Yeah. But let's talk about
what they meant when it says
that the-- and the Mayans
which are the deep connection
of Pleiadians said human orgasms
move the galactic center.
Yeah. What does that mean?
Well, it's great because--
And let's talk about
fifth dimensional sex.
Yeah, it's great
because I've been--
that certainly made my
orgasms more useful.
[laughter] But [inaudible]
that and how delightful,
and of course these
are Pleiadians.
Yes. But the other side of
it is think of Wilhelm Reich.
Yes. And think of the issue
of organ energy and speaking
of another scientist who got
shut down by the government.
Absolutely.
Wilhelm Reich was really going
after how the central
orgasmic life force
in our dimension is actually
affecting the whole universe.
And so, for my perspective,
it would affect every dimension
that-- the human orgasmic force.
And this was-- this
is very important
because that's the
kind of energy
that moves the cosmos itself.
And we have a choice.
Are we going to be dead?
I mean look at how many
people who are just dead
in their bodies in
the third dimension.
Oh yeah. Drugs and
[inaudible] and so on
and so forth, unfortunately.
And we have a choice about that.
We're here to be alive.
We're here to have orgasms.
And we're here to
move to universe.
Absolutely.
And so-- and you can-- when
you're just speaking about it,
a person, anyone who's
had an orgasm can feel
that this is a quality of energy
that doesn't happen
really any other way.
Yeah. Subtler feelings that are
very similar can happen-- Yeah.
-- even in meditation, music,
dance, ecstasy can happen,
but that's so intensely
specific.
And then from the point
of view of my system,
the reason why it's different
than anything else is I think
it's our greatest access
to the second dimensional
forces.
There you go.
'Cause I mean I'll be-- okay,
I've been married for 40 years,
I can say it on the show.
[laughs] I think yes you can.
When I have a orgasms, I
see green organic light.
Sometimes it's green
like plant-like
and it has yellow light in it,
and it's very, very vibrant
and I could tell that it's
a biological force that's
in the second dimension.
And I think it's
what keeps us alive
and it's what keeps us healthy.
Yeah, you've given us a
little bit of homework.
Next time we have an orgasm,
try to relax and pay attention
to the colors that
is swirling about.
No, I see colors too.
Yeah. But I when I see that
incredible green-- Yeah.
-- green orga-- and I think
it's a whole Celtic tradition
of the green man.
Yes. Yeah.
I think it's [inaudible].
And I think that the energy is
actually coming from partner.
Interesting.
Yeah, yeah.
And we can't get anymore
specific than that.
Now, we think anymore
specific from that.
Okay, I just wanted to-- We'll
do a section of it some time.
I just wanted to
throw that out there.
The sacred teachers accessing
higher dimensions of love,
we just spoke about
that a little bit.
And then I wanted to go into the
some of the Earth energy parts
of it and the connection
between the fifth dimension
and these Earth energies
through geometry,
i.e. labyrinths,
which are ancient.
There are labyrinths
all over the planet.
What are labyrinths doing?
Well, one of the fun things
about researching
'cause this was the res--
I mean it's so outrageous
to scientifically research
[inaudible] channel book.
So another thing I need-- Yes.
-- another thing I did
that's completely out of line
from some people's point
of view is I assumed
that ancient science, labyrinths
or megalithic science,
I assumed that ancient
science was as scientific
as modern science, and I
believe that and I think
that people are really
missing to boat
when they don't look
for ancient science.
For example, the sixth dimension
is working with sacred geometry
and then sacred geometry, as it
moves into the fifth dimension,
it moves into the
platonic solids
and the five platonic solids are
a great mystery on our planet
because the platonic solids
have actually been known.
We know this from archeology for
10,000-- at least 10,000 years,
the oldest ones we've
ever found or 8,000 BC.
And so, the platonic
solids are a key to an or--
kind of an organic geometry.
And so, somebody is
making a whole lot
of money off this right
now because a group
of Japanese scientist back
around-- and this is--
all this stuff is
referenced in alchemy.
Right around 1998 and 1999,
they created a completely
new chemistry based
on the platonic solids.
In other words, instead of
using normal geometrical forms
for working with chemistry,
they used the platonic solids
which are more organic.
And so, there's just
tremendous owned information
in these fields.
Now, you had mentioned where
we're going to go into platonia
but also in this, in the
same area of your book,
you're talking about how
this relates to mists
and paths and time capsules.
How does that all come together?
Well that's a very good leap on
your part Virginia [phonetic]
because you asked
about labyrinths.
Yes. Well, labyrinths are
an ancient coded form made
by megalithic people,
probably older, at least back
to megalithic times, where
they would take like, say,
there's a slight rise in a
hill and then they would take
that rise on the hill and
they would create a labyrinth
on the top of that hill or maybe
on a rock wall or whatever,
and what the labyrinths are
doing is the labyrinths are
actually pulling the sixth
dimensional fields and forms
into the fifth dimension.
That's what they do.
So when you walk in one,
what happens for you--
and I love labyrinths.
What happens for you at--
the heart opens because that
the labyrinth is a system
that takes you into the heart.
That as your heart is opening
and you're walking the various
stages of the labyrinth,
the sixth dimensional
geometrical fields are being
pulled in to the
labyrinths itself.
And so, 5, 6,000 years ago, they
have them all over the place
because they knew that
they needed those in order
to anchor the sixth dimension.
And so, can we move
to the six dimension?
Yes, let's go right-- We
may go back to the fifth.
No, let's go there now.
But if we go to the
sixth dimension,
the point would be
why would anybody want
to anchor the six dimension in--
well, when you're anchoring it
in through the heart of
an individual walking
in a labyrinth, you're actually
bringing into third dimension.
So much of ancient
megalithic and Egyptian,
much of the ancient sacred
systems were involved
with anchoring the
sixth dimension
into the third dimension
as much as possible.
So the reason they built temples
and labyrinths and all that was
to anchor the sixth dimension
into the third dimension.
Now, the reason that
they were doing this is
because they knew something
that we're fortunately
remembering again,
regardless of how much
science tries to stop us
from getting where we're going.
This is something that
individuals are doing.
Individuals have discovered that
if you do yoga, sacred dance,
tai chi, any of these forms of
body movement that are based
on geometrical balance,
what's happening is you are
pulling your sixth dimensional
ideal form into your body.
And the reason that
you need to do this is
that if you can keep your
third dimensional form aligned
with your sixth dimensional
ideal form, you don't have aches
and pains, you don't
get arthritis,
your face doesn't fall off of
the front of you, you continue
to look like an integral
balanced geometrical human.
And in the ancient times,
people did that intentionally,
so they created temples
and sacred sites
and people would go there
to realign themselves,
but we're not missing anything.
We've got yoga.
We've got tai chi.
We've got whatever
system we like to use.
That's a beautiful concept.
Yeah, so then as we getting
into this higher dimensions,
what's really fun is that
the most important aspect
of those dimensions is how
did they affect us in 3D?
Yes.
So back to that person on
the table, that person lying
on that table activated
by the lower dimensions.
If that person's heart is open,
all of your emotional complexes
and all of your fears and all
of your difficulties
disappear, don't they?
The opening of the heart
melts the fear-- Absolutely.
-- and melts the--
and it's just easier
than constantly processing
in the fourth dimension,
although we sometimes have to.
Right. Yeah.
So the-- so one form of
processing ourselves in order
to move to the higher
frequencies is by doing work
on the table and an
intellectual work and,
you know, psychological work.
But then in the sixth dimension,
it is a-- and this so important.
It is a conscious intention to
maintain your beautiful being
in the sixth dimension,
clearly in the third dimension.
And so, that's why
you do yoga everyday
and that's why you take a walk,
I mean, if you're not grounded
or that's why you do
tai chi when you got--
want to get in touch
with those frequencies.
[Multiple Speaker] Yeah.
Yeah. Okay now, let's
talk about--
we bought up the Platonic
solids a moment ago.
So, what is Platonia and how
does Platonia factor in here?
This is my favorite part of
Alchemy of Nine Dimensions.
Okay, when I was-- and I
remember, go back to me
from like 1996 through 2003.
I'm out teaching
workshops about material
that I don't understand myself.
Right. [Multiple Speaker] I'm
reading, studying, I'm searching
and [inaudible] anyway.
Okay, so in 1998, a book was
published called The End of Time
by Julian Barbour who
was an English physicist.
So, I thought, "Oh okay, the
ninth dimension is time."
And by the way, when we get
to the ninth dimensions,
I didn't understand the
ninth dimensions until 2010.
And the reason this
book came out is an--
in a new edition is I finally
got the one dimension I
didn't have.
But since I knew the
ninth dimension was time
because a Pleiadian said it
was then anything I could read
on time is-- I bought it
and read it, studied it.
So, I bought The End of
Time by Julian Barbour,
a book I highly recommend and
I had to read it three times
in order to understand
it so I want it more.
And this is physics
and physics is a real.
[Multiple Speaker] Physics
is a very big struggle for me
but Julian Barbour comes
along and he says, "Look,
we've thrown the baby
out at the bath water."
And what he said was he said,
"When we discovered
Quantum mechanics,
what happened was
everybody started thinking
that the older sciences
that we were working
with didn't apply anymore."
And so he said specifically,
"Until we discovered
Quantum mechanics,
we believed that we live
in a universe that had Form
in another dimension and
the reason that the Form was
in another dimension," of course
this is the sixth dimension
and I corresponded with
him but didn't hear back
from 'cause he was
older but this is Plato.
He calls it Platonia because he
says, "There is this dimension
where all the Forms exist
and then the Forms replicate
in the third dimension."
And until Quantum mechanics was
discovered, everybody believes
that and when Quantum mechanics
came in an early 19th century,
it was such a huge revolution
and such an incredible
discovery.
People throw it out
and they said,
"Okay, there's none of that.
No Forms in other
dimensions, you knew that."
And Rupert Sheldrake came
along and he tried to say,
"Wait a minute, there are
more of the genetic fields,
the reason biology exist on
this planet is 'cause there
were Forms."
Yes. But Rupert Sheldrake as we
know we couldn't get anywhere
in conventional science.
No, he can't.
Even in England, they
still won't listen.
Yeah, so Julian Barbour is the
one who created the breakthrough
and by the way, Julian
Barbour has just strong physics
on its ass at this point.
Nothing is going on in physics
right basically except some
research with string theory
because they're still trying
to integrate the fact
that Julian Barbour proved
that Forms exist in
another dimension.
Now, he does not say, like
I say, the sixth dimensions,
it's not about my
system, it's about him.
In order to prove that
there was a World of Forms
in a non-physical dimension,
the calculation is physical--
physics calculations that he
had to do would be hundreds
of miles long just to prove
the Triangle Land exist.
What he did was he came, he
proved with physics calculations
that Triangle Land exist
which was a proof of a Form
in another dimensions.
What you used underneath
the-- Yeah.
Yes, yeah.
And then what he said is he
said, "Look, it took, you know,
40 miles to do Triangle Land.
I'm not going to do
Quadrangle Land, I'm not going
to do the other ones,
that's enough."
And he's right about
that but the reason
that his book is just incredibly
mentally unbelievable is
when he took a leaf and
because he took this leaf,
they're trying to ignore him
but they won't get away with it.
The leaf the he took is he said,
"Okay, there's consciousness
in that World of Forms.
There is a relationship to what
we're doing in our dimension."
And so what he said is he
said, "If we're excited
about something in our
dimension, then in the triangle
in Triangle Land,
the mist rises."
And he said, "And if we're
bored, the mist goes down."
So at that point, the Pleiadians
came in screaming saying,
"Oh the mist in Platonia
is going
down for the Roman
Catholic Church."
Which the Pleiadians hate
the Roman Catholic Church.
[Multiple Speaker] But,
the idea is it's very,
very significant
idea which would be
that what we're thinking
about in this dimension is
what's making that mist rise
in that World of Forms.
So, in other words we change
what happens in the World
of Forms, and the World of
Forms is what creates our world.
Yes. We change it by what we're
thinking about and this is
by far-- And what we're
enthusiastic about.
Yeah, well yeah because
you don't--
let's face it, you're not going
to read a difficult book
unless you're enthusiastic.
Right. So, this whole
quest movement,
this whole new paradigm movement
where people are just
fanatically trying to figure
out where Mary-- whether, you
know, Mary Magdalene was married
to Jesus or whatever
people are into.
This is all about activating the
World of Forms so that the World
of Forms can be a place that
causes us in our dimension
to create beauty, and joy
and art instead of war,
destruction, and ugliness.
So, what each one of us does,
this is the ultimate thing,
the beauty way that we each
create and the type of life
that we live, the
way the, I think,
Pleiadians footed is everybody
has one vote in plutonium.
I was going to say.
Yes, good one.
So it either strengthens
the mist?
That's right.
Or it dissipates the
mist of creation.
That's right.
And so, this is where
the media is so tricky.
This is because see, I
have to pay attention
at the media because
of what I do.
Yes. So, what I watch out
for is anything I hear
that I know is wrong,
I just simply say,
out and I'm always watching
my mind very carefully
because I don't want to charge
the mist in Plutonia for a war
in Syria for example,
if you know what I mean.
Yeah exactly.
And, you know, and
through Barbara Marciniak,
the Pleiadians talk about she--
what's that term that she uses?
Maybe I won't remember,
she's got a great term
for keeping your head clear.
Yes, okay so we get the concept,
to keep our thoughts
as clear as we can.
Yeah. In the direction we
choose for them to go rather
than basically being enslaved
to whatever is being
projected at us.
Yeah, we really have to
keep control of your--
again, because what you're doing
is you're activating this other
dimension which is
creating everything here.
Yes. Yeah.
Okay, now the Syrians, Sirius
are the keepers-- Yeah.
-- of the six dimension.
Tell us a little bit
about those beings?
Okay, so then what the
Pleiadians said is they said
there was a keeper for each
dimension and for example,
in the third dimension, our
dimension, we're the keepers,
humans are keepers
because dimension,
the Pleiadians are
keepers as we know.
So, in the sixth dimension,
the Syrians of the Sirius
star systems are keepers.
And so, the question will be
this could just seem to be
in our keen curiosity
the question would be,
what's the value of that?
Well, each one of these keepers
is your access to a data bank.
Yes. So, in the sixth dimension,
there are different data banks
on our planet that are
Syrian and they're identified
in the Alchemy of Nine
Dimensions and one
of the best ones is
the Egyptian Data Bank.
the Egyptian culture and Dogon
culture of Central Africa.
I was just going to ask
you about Dogon, yes.
Yes because the Dogon
culture and the Egyptian--
That's what's angry
in to this indigenous.
That's right.
Yeah and the Dogon culture have
had a wonderful influence on us
and the current moment too.
So, the Dogon and Egyptian
culture are Syrian.
And so, if you want to
activate Syrian consciousness,
all you have to do
study Egyptology
and study Dogon wisdom.
And what happens for you
and some people just--
yeah, this probably--
this dimension is
probably the dimension
where there are the most
subjects that people studied
because so many people
have studied Egyptology.
Yes. And then of course,
when you get into--
And psychogeometry, yeah.
Yeah, why are you going
to study Egyptology?
Well, then the Egyptology
is going to get you in touch
with a whole lot of
things which we could go
on and on about, yeah.
Let's take a couple of minutes
because it's readily
available for the most part.
If someone were going to make
a study to activate that level
of consciousness within their
being or their connection
with it, where would
you say a person begin?
By studying Egyptology and.
The hieroglyphics or--
Well, you know, you just--
I think it was just something.
And just anything just to begin.
Well, Egyptology and for
example, another thing,
let's go to Egyptology
for just a moment.
We have all the older
Egyptologist and archeologist
and I read them all
and I love them.
My grandfather, Cherokee
grandfather have been studying
to Egyptology when I was
four, you know, and I--
as I say, taught in Egypt a lot.
But what's amazing about
our current moment is some
breakthroughs of what have
been made in Egyptology,
they are absolutely astonishing.
One of which is by-- well two
major breakthroughs are via
teacher and writer Ed
Milcarsky [phonetic],
you may have heard of,
and then Laird Scranton.
And Laird Scranton, go to
him first, has discovered
that hieroglyphics are a
quantum mechanical language.
You're aware of this.
Yes I am. Yeah and so
all of the different--
That's why I was saying
hieroglyphics are a good place
to begin and he's the guy.
Well, yeah.
They are the guy, okay.
Yeah they are there first so I--
we'll have to admit that
not very many people will
study hieroglyphics.
Yes. You know, it's
just you know.
Now, I can read hieroglyphics
but in the Egyptian temple
so I've been tested for this.
It's because I understand the
language but don't look at me
to be able to show the-- how it
relates to quantum mechanics.
Yes. So Laird Scranton
is incredible.
He's a genius.
Okay, so that's a good place
to begin to activate that.
Yeah. Okay, great.
Thank you for that, I'm glad
we took and extra minute.
Now let's go-- And Ed
Milcarsky, just to add him here.
And Ed Milcarsky, okay.
Ed Milcarsky has taken the
granite technology of Egypt back
to around 40,000 BC
proving the advance level
of technological abilities
of the ancient Egyptian.
He has proved them slam dunk.
There are other people
who have gone into this
such as Chris Tan [phonetic].
Chris Tan.
Yeah. Different people Chris
Tan back in those old days.
Everybody thought I was nuts
and his work isn't really
important but he's proving it.
Yes he does.
So then right there,
in your face,
there was an advanced
civilization 40,000 years
ago period.
Period. You know.
Okay, done and dusted.
Yeah. Let's go to some--
So that's why you get in--
that's why you study
these dimensions,
because they actually are going
to take you into
those databanks.
Okay. Uh-hmm.
Okay now, let's go into
the 7-D, seventh dimension
which is the galactic
highways of light.
Yeah. Okay, so what's
happening there is that geometry
in the sixth dimension,
Platonia is expanding,
expanding, expanding.
And then finally, the edge
of that geometry is sound.
And as you mentioned earlier,
we are able to use
Cymatics machines in it
to actually see sound
creating geometry.
We also can see sound creating
geometry with crop circles
because when people have been
around when a crop
circle got laid,
some people can hear the sound.
Yes. So we now know
there for sure.
And so as we move-- and what did
you just ask for [inaudible]?
Oh that's-- yeah,
I just want to move
in to the seventh dimension.
Yeah, so moving in--
The highways of light.
Oh I see. Yeah.
Yes, that's right.
That's what we want to get.
So when that material came
through, I already knew about--
well no, I discovered
Cymatics after it came in.
So I-- but Cymatics
is fairly easy
to understand, you know, okay.
But-- fine, the other
thing the Pleiadians said
about the seventh dimension
back in '94, '95 is they said,
there are these great
lines of light going
through the whole universe
and they call them the galactic
information highways of life.
Okay, so I published I just
like you did with everything
with this material,
I just published it.
But of course, I had no idea
what he's talking about.
And then a Portuguese
physicist, Joao Magueijo
in 2003 published
information on the discovery
of this galactic inform--
he didn't call them galactic
information highways of life,
he called them threads
going through the universe.
They're kind of like threads
that are like a black hole
where as you get closer
and closer to the essence
of the thread, time
starts moving faster
than the speed of light.
Now, the speed of
light for a minute,
the speed of light is simply
the edge of the universe
that we can apprehend--
The third dimension?
By telescopes or by
perception or whatever.
Right. And we now know that
there are speeds of light
that are faster than that.
But since we can't apprehend
it, we're not getting very far
at picking up on them.
Well, Joao Magueijo
said that these threads,
the galactic information
highways
of light are moving throughout
the universe and they're almost
like lines of black hole
forces where the speed
of light is going
faster in these threads.
So that's when I decided
to write the Alchemy
of Nine Dimensions.
When I got a hold of his
material, I came screaming
into the kitchen while Jerry
was having his morning time--
Validation.
I said, "Guess what the
seventh dimension is.
It's just been verified."
And Jerry said, "Now, it's time
for you to write that book."
Okay now, how do we access them?
What does that mean to us?
And I want to get into
the crop circle part.
We actually-- we'll
probably have
to go pretty quickly
through the-- Sure.
-- eighth and ninth dimension
but I want to take time
in this crop circle phenomena.
Sure. You, the symbolism
when you start writing books,
you're shown things,
crop circles turn out,
tell us about all these.
Okay, we'll see how much
of that we could go.
Yeah. Okay, the only way I've
ever been able to get in touch
with the seventh
dimension personally is
by going into hyperspace.
And, I've had some
craniosacral treatments
where I've actually
moved into hyperspace.
And when I've been
in hyperspace,
I can see those lines and I
can see that it's like 2001.
In some movie, we have
where they really tried
to show hyperspace and somebody
taking off into hyperspace
and the forces are
just in-- Contact?
It could be, yeah.
[Multiple Speaker] There's one
where just everything comes
into life coming in
and the forces are
just incomprehensible.
So, the other way that
people get in touch
with the seventh
dimension is all
of the wonderful sound
healing techniques
that we're working with, like
working with crystal balls,
working with cymatics, we're--
all people are developing,
Tom Kenyon's singing.
Yes. You know, all kinds
of people are bringing
in this level of
information from the--
through to seventh dimension.
Fabulous. Okay and what
about the Andromedans
because they are
the keepers of it?
Can you tell us a
little bit about that?
That's a real mystery because
Andromeda is a twin galaxy
to the Milky Way
and the Milky Way
and Andromeda Galaxy
are emerging
and coming closer
together 10 times faster
than can be scientifically
understood.
There's something going on
and people discovered
this about maybe 50.
And again, this is a type
of information that's
in the footnotes
because it's very,
very complicated information.
People need to check the sources
and all that kind of stuff
but we are merging
with Andromeda Galaxy.
And so, the Pleiadians send
Andromeda Galaxy as the keeper
and Andromeda is an incredibly
beautifully spiral galaxy.
And then there's a whole
other teaching going on there
about how about how
Andromeda Galaxy has a plan--
has a solar system and
like our solar system.
It has a planet in that solar
system that which is the name
of the planet is Ion, and Ion
is a planet that's exactly
like earth but they have
not had a cataclysm.
When I read that, I
thought, how beautiful.
Yeah, I know.
So they are saying that Ion is
holding space out of the heart,
open heart for our
planet that we will get
through the post
traumatic stress syndrome
and comeback into harmonics.
So were the Andromedans similar
to human form like
the Pleiadians?
Pleiadians are always depicted
as very symmetrical
[inaudible] hair,
blue-eyed [inaudible] humans.
What are-- what about
those from Andromeda?
Andromedans-- and then we have
well, Andromedans walking all
over the planet and they tend
to be tall and very geometrical
or very beautiful people
and they tend to be obsessed
with how to go from point
A to point B. They work
in the airlines and they
like to be in anything
that involves moving people
around from here to there.
I'll watch for really
beautiful attendant
that looks like that next time.
Yeah. Although usually,
if they're that tall,
they don't hire them
because they can't fit
in the cabin, but okay.
And my husband Jerry is an
Andromedan and so he's working
with craniaosacral dynamics
because that works--
And he's tall and beautiful?
Yeah, and he is actually
but that's how--
he's working with how
the skull is interfacing
with the consciousness
coming in from everywhere.
Yes. Yeah.
And then also, they
say take the--
the quote I got on
the book, take control
of your mind now is
what they're saying.
It keeps feeding back into this,
breaking this fourth
dimensional hold on this.
So, that's-- they are directed
to us, take back our minds now
so we can continue to progress
and maybe emerge
with them, Sure.
Yeah. Okay, let's talk about the
divine mind, eighth dimension.
Okay. I love that area.
And so the best image for that
is that it's really pretty easy
to get a sense of
sound, creating geometry
if you go the other way, you
know, if we go backwards.
Yes. So then, if we
move the other way.
What's happening is
sound is created by light
and it took me a long
time to see that.
I finally have to
see it in a vision.
And somehow, in some mysterious
way, light is creating sound
which then creates geometry
which then opens the heart.
So, that's just kind of
a physiological thing
and then the only access we have
to those database are religious
traditions especially Islam.
And religious traditions
that are really like look
at the Islamic beautiful
sacred geometrical power--
And beautiful, yes.
With Islam and they have
this, in my opinion,
a much more highly
developed sense
of the light creating a
sound, creating the geometry.
Yeah. And they seem to
have to very, very attuned.
They're always going
to be religious,
I probably be a [inaudible]
just because of that.
Right. And at that
attunement with the lights.
Sound and movement.
Yeah. And then, yeah.
And then what happens for people
on the table back to this issue
of what dimension
are you picking up.
When people pick the
eighth dimension,
when they're meditating or when
they're in healing or whatever,
often, they will get a very,
very profound voice that with--
it's actually very ethical.
If they're dealing with
some kind of moral dilemma,
they will often hear a voice
that says you will do this now.
Yes. So, the age dimension
is a whole databank
that we can jump
right into in order
to detect the best solution
for any given situation.
Well, it also then connects
back to the heart, right?
Yeah, that's right.
Yes. Yeah, that's right.
Now, all the road seem to
lead back to the heart.
Yeah. Let' talk about
Galactic Federation in Orion.
I mean all I hear that, you
know, I get the little eblast.
Join, go-- come, the
Galactic Federation is doing a
presentation tonight.
And I've always kind
of just stayed away.
Yeah. But tell me
the reality of this.
Yeah, this is a really good
example of how I faithfully put
down whatever I've got
because nothing makes me more
uncomfortable than the
Galactic Federation.
And also the Nephilim
and the Anunnaki,
they make me pretty
uncomfortable too.
But I faithfully
reported and as you know,
the Pleiadians say the Anunnaki
and the Nephilim are the keepers
of the fourth dimension
which when you read it,
makes a lot of sense.
Yes. When you go into it
now but in terms of Orion,
astronomically, Orion
goes through a rise
and Robert Bauval did
a great job on this
in the Orion Mysteries.
Yes. Very good book.
And Orion, based on
her recessional cycle,
goes through a high rising
cycle and a low rising cycle
in relationship to the horizon.
And we have just come to very--
we are just coming to the
very top of the Orion cycle
at this point which I think
is another indication.
We're moving into higher
state of consciousness.
So, I think the reasons
that they use the term Galactic
Federation is they want us
to understand that it kind
of works the way our
corporate structures work.
There has to be some
way like for instance,
here we are at [inaudible],
there has to be a way
to have a corporation and
have structures in order
to make reality come
into manifestation.
So, they use that more or
less to help us understand.
Okay. And then, I've attuned
at the Galactic Federation,
they're very much
light beings, very,
very high consciousness
beings, you know.
And other reasons we get
a negative wrap on some
of those stuff is remember,
everything in the higher
dimensions has to go through 4D?
But when I get emails
from them all the time,
you know, it makes you wonder.
Yeah. You know, you
have to be discerning
and I just have been drawn
to go there at this time.
Yeah. Well, let me
put to you this way
and I don't mind
saying this on your--
people who were looking at
the Orion Galactic Federation
that way are probably
working very much
at a fourth dimensional level.
Yes. Maybe sixth dimensional.
Okay. I find that people--
if you feel of working at one
of those levels, that's fine.
Like for example, there's
a [inaudible] teachings
and that's a very sixth
dimensional teaching.
And that's a good example
of the eighth dimensional
divine light coming
through our sixth
dimensional level.
Absolutely.
And if that's the
way people need
to understand it, it's fine.
Right, right, and just so you
resonate within the moment.
But they just need to know
what they're doing 'cause
if you don't watch out,
suddenly, you're in the Vatican.
Yeah, exactly.
You got to be careful
where you are.
Be careful, be careful.
You know, the Annunaki are
running the Vatican Absolutely,
you know.
Yeah. And too bad we didn't
get into that in our talk
in the fourth dimension.
I had-- that was in the rest
of the 20 questions
we didn't get to,
kind of like what
will happen right now.
Yeah. Okay, contacting
the eighth D
by entering the mind of the sun.
That concept just blew me away.
Let's talk about that.
Yeah so that is just a
technique you literally
on this planet can take your
consciousness into the sun.
And then when you're in
the sun, you can act--
it's just a technique.
But you're telling about
the mind of the sun.
Sure. Yeah.
Yeah, the mind of the sun
is very eighth dimensional.
The mind-- take of how the sun--
and that's why we have
all the solar cultures,
they recognize the
divine level of the sun.
Yes and we're talking about also
this is a whole dimension we're
talking about spin
or to create--
we're talking about
spin-- light.
Spin, light, sound, geometry,
and the step down process
into the physical creation.
But in a nutshell, before we
go to the ninth dimension,
in a nutshell, what is the most
important thing we need to do
to remember in terms of
embodying and incorporating
that into or conscious
awareness?
Then we have direct access
to the eighth dimension
and the technique for how
to do that is in the book.
Yes. And so at any moment
in this planet, anyone of us
in the third dimension, if we
want to know whether to do this
or that, we can move
our consciousness
to the eighth dimension
and seek the answers there.
We don't want to seek the
answers in the dualized,
polarized fourth dimension.
We don't even want to seek
it at the geometrical level.
We want to go the source.
Okay. Yeah.
That's a very good thing
to bring up and also,
those are very clear
instructions
in the book as to
how to do that.
[Multiple Speaker] And then it
takes about four or five hours
if you-- if you're
really into a big mess
which we often get
ourselves into.
Yeah. This is the best way
to really change a situation.
Yes. I thought it
was very effective.
Yeah. So now, we're going into--
and there's another thing here
that the sun directs
our intentions.
It's kind of leading
out from the eighth
into the ninth dimension
which is the black hole
at the center of the Milky Way.
So, let's talk about what
the ninth dimension is
functionally-- what it is
functionally within us.
Well, it's-- the keeper of the
ninth dimension is Tzolkin,
the Mayan calendar which
I didn't understand
until a few years ago which
is the reason this book
was rewritten.
So in terms of the structure--
structural issues that
we're dealing with,
the vertical axis goes from the
first dimension at the center
of the Earth and goes
into the black hole
in the center of the galaxy.
And so, in terms of how
we maintain ourselves
as physical beings in the
third dimension, we really need
to start to realize that we're
on the vertical axis going
from the fourth to
the ninth dimension.
Yes. And the of course,
in my case,
it's an absolute
100 percent practice
that I live with, you know.
And you talked earlier-- you
brought up the fact that this is
where time of a different
nature comes in.
Yes. So let's speak about that.
And so I like I saym, I did not
understand that ninth dimension.
I honored it, okay.
Tzolkin is the keeper and
Tzolkin is the day calendar
of the Mayan calendar.
So, I had no idea what it meant.
I knew what the keeper
was the galactic center.
In the galactic center,
the keeper in terms
of consciousness is Tzolkin.
And so, when I discovered
Carl Calleman's work in 2004,
that's when I finally understood
'cause I just couldn't--
how could time be at a
higher dimensional level
than the divine mind?
What it-- all it is, is
that the agendas are coming
through time codes so that the
divine mind will create reality.
It makes to be released
at exactly the right time
of seeding or fertilization,
what not.
Yeah. And then you--
also, you know,
there's higher dimensions
to this.
Yes. What the Pleiadians are
saying is these are the nine
dimensions that we can get in
touch with and we can utilize.
And they're saying
there's another--
they're saying there's 26-- this
whole issue of 26 dimensions.
They agree with that, it's just
that we don't have the ability
to get in touch with anything
above the ninth dimension
at this time.
That's what they're
saying, you know.
Okay, now let's talk about--
So let me just-- Yes, go ahead.
So therefore, that would suggest
that the higher dimensional--
dimensions are what are
giving the time codes
into the ninth dimension.
You see what I mean?
We don't-- we supposedly
don't have access to that.
Okay and let's talk
about Harmonic.
We just have a couple
of minutes left here.
I want to go back to this
because something
was really happening,
going back to the Harmonic
Convergence, August 16, 1987.
A lot of people were
somewhere at that time
and they may remember.
But there were supposedly a
galactic synchronization beam.
It says here that was
to take us to the stage
of our evolution biologically to
move beyond the reptilian model.
And that's what I think people
want to hear in all this
that we're moving beyond
the reptilian model.
So I was the publisher,
Jose Arguelles.
Yes. And then I was very
active in Harmonic Convergence
at [inaudible] north
of Mexico City.
And I experienced the galactic
synchronization beam during
those ceremonies.
So, this is a fabulous example
of how all those potentialist
out there which is really
what Jose was saying.
Yes. And it's there and
the only question is,
do you hook into it or not?
And the medial course was
ridiculous, what the media did
because literally, millions
of people at [inaudible] north
of Mexico City, I was there.
There were 100,000
people there and you--
and the media made it look
like people were out humming
in the backyard, if
you know what I mean.
Right. So, as far as I can
tell and many other people
who participate in this
including yourself,
we hooked into the galactic
synchronization beam.
Yes. Now, wouldn't it
make sense that we hooked
into the galactic
synchronization light?
You know, that the Forms going
through the seventh dimension?
Would it make sense that we--
that Jose kind of let
us into a way to hook
into those galactic
synchronization beams?
You know going through
the universe,
galactic information
highways of life.
Yes. Would that make
sense to you?
It makes total sense.
Because I just did it, you know,
in a ceremonial situation,
you know.
And so when we're starting
to tie it all together, now,
let's look at going from kind of
the basest to the most sublime.
The global elite have had
control of these species
and our consciousness anyway.
You can say it's by design,
you can say it's just kind
of how things evolved
for a long time
and this is the opportunity
now with the frequency shifting
for us to take back the
paradigm we're creating.
Tell us just in a
minute or so what--
Well, let's help take
practice our dimension.
Take back that dimension.
Yeah, it's exactly what
it is and so the only way
that we can take back our
third dimension is to deal with
and understand the way that
the fourth dimension is
controlling us.
And I don't-- I can't see
any reason why, I mean,
at this point, I'll be-- say
it honestly for maybe 10 years,
I've understood what was going
on in the fourth dimension.
And it's not what I'm
doing and I never will.
And so, it's a matter of
each person taking back their
consciousness just so
that they have one vote
in Platonia, you know.
Absolutely, sure here.
That's really what
it is, you know.
[laughter] Barbara, it's
been absolutely delightful.
I cannot wait for
your novel to come
out which you're working on.
You said you've never had
so much fun in your life.
Yes, right, this call me.
And you're going to bring
all these concepts together
in a really revitting manner.
Yeah, yes.
And meanwhile, this
is revitting in
and of itself even
though it's non-fiction,
how can we have nine dimensions.
Thank you so much for
a lifetime of work.
Well, thank you.
And I know you're going to
come back, when you get--
when the next book is done?
Yes. Will you join us again?
Yes, yes. Very good.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
[laughter] I hope this has
been an illuminating journey
over these last two
conversations
as Barbara has stated by owning
on our own multidimensional
nature
and using the forces
available to us,
we can create a new golden
age together freeing ourselves
from the control
of lesser forces.
You can pick up a copy
of Barbara's book Alchemy
of Nine Dimensions
which features all
of the information we've spoken
about plus beautiful meditations
for each dimensional learning.
Buy it at Amazon and
other major book sellers.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[ Music ]
[ Water Flowing ]